New blogpost weather_entity_forecast_types (#1809)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2023-08-07-weather_entity_forecast_types.md

---
author: G Johansson
authorURL: https://github.com/gjohansson-ST
title: "Weather entity forecast types"
---

`WeatherEntity` now allows a single weather entity to support different forecast types meaning it's no longer necessary to create multiple entities for the same location, as an example, an entity providing daily forecast and another entity providing hourly forecast.

> Integrations providing `weather` entities should be updated to remove the deprecated `forecast` state attribute and instead use one of several of the new async methods `async_forecast_daily`, `async_forecast_hourly` and `async_forecast_twice_daily`. See [`weather` documentation](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/weather/#service-weatherget_forecast) for details on how to use the new services.

Reviewer: Since we're doing backwards compatibility, we should rephrase:

```suggestion
Integrations providing `weather` entities should be updated to implement one or several of the new async methods `async_forecast_daily`, `async_forecast_hourly` and `async_forecast_twice_daily`.

For the upcoming Home Assistant Core 2024.3 release, integrations should remove the deprecated `forecast` property and also remove any duplicated weather entities which were added to provide multiple forecasts.

See [`weather` developer documentation](/docs/core/entity/weather#weather-forecasts) for details on how to implement the new forecast methods.
```
